Update Usage Documentation (#857)
liqotech/liqo: docs/pages/installation/_index.md

* Provision the clusters you would like to use with Liqo.
* Have a look to the [pre-install section](./pre-install), that presents some common patterns used to expose and interconnect clusters when using Liqo.

#### liqoctl 

Liqoctl is the swiss-knife CLI tool to install and manager Liqo. 

> It is strongly recommended installing Liqo using Liqoctl since it provides customizations for supported providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We strongly recommend to install Liqo using Liqoctl because it automatically handles the required customizations for each supported providers (e.g., AWS, EKS, etc.).
```
